Updates about copy (#734)
thefrontside/bigtest: website/src/pages/about.mdx

# BigTest

The goal of the BigTest Project is to minimize the testing feedback loop while at the same time expanding the size of the system it can test.

## Fast and Smart

> The length of the testing feedback loop is not determined by just how fast the test can report it succeeds or fails. Of course a test suite that can validate 800 assertions per minute has twice the throughput as a project that can only validate 400. But the critically important aspect of the speed of the testing feedback loop is how quickly and accurately you are able to understand why a test failed. A test that takes only 5 milliseconds to run but fails with an error message so inscrutable that it takes a further 90 minutes to figure out why is in fact excruciatingly slow. In order to make testing feedback loops as short as possible, BigTest components run quickly and provide failures that are precise and helpful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The length of the testing feedback loop is not determined by just how fast the test can report success or failure. Of course a test suite that can validate 800 assertions per minute has twice the throughput as a project that can only validate 400. But the critically important aspect of the speed of the testing feedback loop is how quickly and accurately you are able to understand why a test failed. A test that takes only 5 milliseconds to run but fails with an error message so inscrutable that it takes a further 90 minutes to figure out why is in fact excruciatingly slow. In order to make testing feedback loops as short as possible, BigTest components run quickly and provide failures that are precise and helpful.
```
